<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template2.xhtml">
         
            <ui:define name="tcontent">
                
                <div class="jumbotron flif">
                    
                    <h1 class="ct">Dzenky air wants you!</h1>
                        
                        <hr/>
                        <br/>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Fantastic career opportunities in Aviation with Dzenky air. Are you unfulfilled in your current job? Do you want a career that excites and challenges you?
                            <br/><br/>
                            <b>Who we are:</b>
                            <br/><br/>
                            Dzenky air is Europe’s favourite low fares airline, operating more than 1,6 daily flights from 5 bases, connecting 5 destinations in 5 countries and operating a fleet of 2 new Boeing 737-800 aircraft. Dzenky air has recently announced firm orders for a further 2 new Boeing aircraft, which will be delivered between 2014 and 2018. Dzenky air currently has a team of more than 50 highly skilled professionals, will carry 100 000 customers this year and has an outstanding one-year safety record.
                            <br/><br/>
                            <b>Who we want</b>
                            <br/><br/>
                            From the cockpit and cabin to commercial, we want a team that is quick-thinking, fast-acting and hard-working. We want talented people who love a challenge, like to get stuck in and who hate waffle. You should work well with other people but able to work on your own initiative too. A bit of enthusiasm goes a long way!
                            <br/><br/>
                            <b>What you get:</b>
                            <br/><br/>
                            We firmly believe in rewarding our people for their effort and we do our best to incentivise work wherever we can so that the better you perform, the more you get paid. When you work here you'll get a competitive salary, excellent benefits, and fantastic opportunities to move up within Dzenky air if you work hard and impress. Lots of companies promise the earth, but here we actually deliver: rewarding work and great opportunities for real advancement. We don't operate seniority lists or any other restrictions on your development ? we give you the opportunity to prove yourself, and we like to make sure that the cream rises to the top... With 2 Aircraft being delivered between 2014 and 2018 we have loads of promotional opportunities for our people. Of course, we ARE an airline and we offer our people travel perks; if you are employed on a Ryanair contract, you can take advantage of unlimited discounted standby flights on all of our routes.
                            <br/><br/>
                            <b>How to Apply</b>
                            <br/><br/>
                            Before you start, there are a few things we need from you. You must have a good level of English, both written and spoken, an EU passport and a reasonable level of computer literacy. If you have all of this, as well as the energy and drive to throw yourself into your job with enthusiasm, then send your CV to the email address: jobs@airdzenky.com
                            <br/><br/>
                            Please note that Dzenkyair is an equal opportunities employer. Applications for employment can only be made through the channels detailed on this website. Applicants who canvass (by phone, direct contact or through existing employees) will be disqualified. Please note that due to the high volume of applications that we receive, unfortunately we will only be in contact with you if you have been shortlisted for an interview. Thank you for your interest in working with Dzenky air. We hope to see you 'onboard' soon!
                            <br/><br/>
                            <b>Dzenky air Recruitment Team</b>
                        </p>
                </div>
                
            </ui:define>
            
        </ui:composition> 
    </h:body>
</html>
