<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template2.xhtml">
         
            <ui:define name="tcontent">
                
                <div class="jumbotron flif">
                    
                    <h1 class="ct">Enviroment and Dzenky air</h1>
                        
                        <hr/>
                        <h:graphicImage value="/resources/images/enviro.jpg" class="img-responsive centerpic" />
                        <hr/>
                        <br/>
                        <p class="lt">
                        At Dzenky air we are committed to addressing our environmental responsibilities. While the air transport services we provide are vital to the social and economic welfare of the countries we serve, they also have an impact on the environment. By doing all we can to minimise these impacts, we aim to set the standard in responsible aviation. <br/><br/>
                        We are always keen to engage with our customers and other stakeholders on environmental issues, so please feel free to contact our team at generalinfo@airdzenky.com<br/><br/>
                        We have an extensive programme covering not only our carbon footprint but also the important areas of noise, air quality and waste management.<br/><br/>
                        We have a number of initiatives aimed at reducing our impact on climate change from the development of biofuels to our Carbon Fund.<br/><br/>
                        We recognise that at the airports we operate to we have a very immediate impact on their local communities. Our aim is to minimise this impact as much as possible.<br/><br/>
                        In a world of finite resources it is extremely important that these are managed as responsibly as possible. From reducing the amount of materials we use, to recycling, re-using and finally disposing in a sustainable way, Dzenky air is determined to act responsibly.<br/>
                        </p>
                        
                </div>
                
            </ui:define>
            
        </ui:composition> 
    </h:body>
</html>
