<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template2.xhtml">
         
            <ui:define name="tcontent">
                
                <div class="jumbotron flif">
                    
                    <h1 class="ct">Frequently Asked Questions</h1>
                        <hr/>
                        <a href="#q1" class="faq"><h2>1.Prohibited items in checked baggage</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q2" class="faq"><h2>2.I have forgotten/lost my boarding pass</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q3" class="faq"><h2>3.I have not received my Dzenky Air email itinerary - do I have a booking?</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q4" class="faq"><h2>4.Can I change a flight date, time, route?</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q5" class="faq"><h2>5.How do I check in online - step by step guide</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q6" class="faq"><h2>6.How can I pay for my Dzenky air flights?</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q7" class="faq"><h2>7.Can I book a flight for next year?</h2></a>
                        <a href="#q8" class="faq"><h2>8.Top Travel Tips</h2></a>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q1" class="ct">1.Prohibited items in checked baggage</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Passengers may not carry these following items, or be placed in baggage:<br/><br/>
                            Any weapons<br/>
                            Any sharp items<br/>
                            Any blunt instruments<br/>
                            Any explosive or flammable items<br/>
                            Any chemicals or toxic substances<br/>
                            Any liquids over 30ml, including drinks bought outside of the airport.<br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q2">2.I have forgotten/lost my boarding pass</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Once a passenger has checked in online the boarding pass can be reprinted up to 2 hours before the scheduled flight departure time. Click here to reprint your boarding pass<br/><br/>
                            Passengers who arrive at the airport who have lost/forgotten their printed online boarding passes will be required to pay a Boarding Card Reissue Fee in order to receive a new boarding pass at the airport. This facility is available up to 40 minutes prior to the scheduled flight departure. <br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q3">3.I have not received my Dzenky Air email itinerary - do I have a booking?</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Occasionally due to delays with our payment processing system, bookings may not be confirmed and an email confirmation will not be sent.<br/><br/>
                            If this occurs our booking system attempts to process the payment again and if authorisation is not received from the bank the flights are then automatically cancelled and no confirmation email travel itinerary is sent.<br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q4">4.Can I change a flight date, time, route?</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Unfortantly, no. This option will be added to our system soon.
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q5">5.How do I check in online?</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Unfortantly, you can not do that with our system. Check with your local airport to see if this is possible.<br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q6">6.How can I pay for my Dzenky air flights?</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            We do not have any payment systems installed.<br/><br/>
                            This means all our flights are free for now.<br/><br/>
                            Disclaimer: This is a fake airline, we do not actually fly people.<br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q7">7.Can I book a flight for next year?</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            You can only book our available flights, and there may be flight(s) for next year.<br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                        <h2 id="q8">8.Top Travel Tips</h2>
                        <p class="lt">
                            Please check our destinations below for more information:<br/><br/>
                            <h:link value="Click Here for travel information about London!" outcome="london" /><br/><br/>
                            <h:link value="Click Here for travel information about Gothenburg!" outcome="gothenburg"/><br/><br/>
                            <h:link value="Click Here for travel information about Istanbul!" outcome="istanbul"/><br/><br/>
                            <h:link value="Click Here for travel information about Sarajevo!" outcome="sarajevo"/><br/><br/>
                            <h:link value="Click Here for travel information about Frankfurt!" outcome="frankfurt"/><br/><br/>
                        </p>
                        <hr/>
                </div>
                
            </ui:define>
            
        </ui:composition> 
    </h:body>
</html>
