<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template2.xhtml">
         
            <ui:define name="tcontent">
                
                <div class="jumbotron flif">
                    
                    <h1 class="ct">London</h1>
                        
                        <hr/>
                        <h:graphicImage value="/resources/images/lon2.jpg" class="img-responsive centerpic" />
                        <hr/>
                        <br/>
                        <p class="lt">
                            You better start planning your trip from the moment you book flights to London, because there are few cities with so much choice when it comes to things to see and do. From Tower Bridge to the Tate Modern, London’s landmarks and attractions will leave your head spinning like the London Eye! Of course, if it all gets a little too much you can always take a little time out for a picnic in St James Park, a walk across Hampstead Heath, or a cruise down the Thames… and with three London airports to choose from, it couldn’t be easier to book low fare flights to London with Ryanair.<b/>
                            <br/><br/>
                            London is full of things to see and do; from famous attractions such as the London Eye, the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben, the Tower of London and the Tate Modern; to great shopping opportunities; to wide open urban green spaces and much, much more.  Read on for inspiration and handy tips on the unmissable places to visit while you're in London. Many attractions are to free to enter; another great reason to fall in love with London.
                            <br/><br/>
                            Thanks to London's rich mix of cultures, the capital's restaurants serve up delicious food from all corners of the globe. Whatever cuisine you fancy, you're sure to find it in London – be it Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Caribbean, Polish, French, Italian, Afghan, Ethiopian, American, Spanish, South African, Persian… the list goes on.   There's also an exciting buzz on the British culinary scene in London, with innovative chefs rethinking traditional British classics and creating new favourites – all with an emphasis on fresh, local produce.  Plus with Michelin-starred restaurants, family-friendly eateries, cosy gastropubs, fast food joints and quirky cafes dotted all over the city, there's something for every budget too.
                            <br/><br/>
                            Delicate finger sandwiches, tempting cakes, pots of steaming tea, scones with lashings of jam and cream… With so many delicious ingredients, it's no wonder traditional afternoon tea remains as popular in London as ever.  There are many top hotels, restaurants and cafes serving afternoon tea in London today, with many varieties available – from classic afternoon tea to low-calorie alternatives and even gentleman's afternoon teas. Here are some of the best:
                            <br/><br/>
                            London's nightlife is one of the most vibrant and versatile in the world, with everything from mega clubs to live music, trendy bars to traditional pubs.   Central London hotspots like Soho and Leicester Square attract visitors most nights of the week, but if it's cool and trendy you're after try out-of-town neighbourhoods too, like Hoxton and Shoreditch in East London or Brixton and Clapham in South London.  Here's just a taster of what London has to offer for a fantastic night out, including quirky pubs and bars, world-renowned clubs, stunning night-time views and much, much more…
                            <br/><br/>
                            Shopping in London is one of the most popular pastimes for visitors and locals alike. And little wonder given the huge range of shopping destinations across the capital, from high-end luxury boutiques and huge department stores to lively markets and vintage pop-ups.  The key is to find the right shopping area for you, be it the bright lights and big brands of the West End, the quirky crafts and outrageous fashions of Camden or the sharp suits of Savile Row. Here are just a few of London's top shopping destinations well worth a visit...
                        </p>
                        
                        
                </div>
                
            </ui:define>
            
        </ui:composition> 
    </h:body>
</html>
