<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
    
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/template2.xhtml">
         
            <ui:define name="tcontent">
                
                <div class="jumbotron flif">
                    
                    <h1 class="ct">When onboard</h1>
                        
                    <hr/>
                    <h2 id="q2">Flight anxiety</h2>
                    <br/>
                    <p class="lt">
                        First and foremost, you need to know that Dzenky air follows all security regulations. We have the most modern and secure airplanes in the world, and we work hard to keep our planes in top condition.<br/><br/>
                        Our team is here to help you to battle your fear of flight, both before flying and onboard. You can call us and talk to us before flying, check out our Contact page for phone number and phone hours.<br/><br/>
                        When onboard, you can get help with your flight anxiety. You can inform us of your flight anxiety before, when och after boarding our airplanes. Our staff is professionally trained to handle passengers with flight anxiety.
                    </p>
                    <h2 id="q2">Motion sickness</h2>
                    <br/>
                    <p class="lt">
                        We keep motion sickness medicin on all our planes. If you are in need of medicine for your motion sickness, please tell our cabin personal. You can also request motion sickness medicin before boarding the plane, just give us a call and tell us. Of course, you will not have to pay for the medicine.
                    </p>
                    <h2 id="q2">Flying with children</h2>
                    <br/>
                    <p class="lt">
                        All children under 2 years of age, should be seated on parents lap. We will provide special seatbelts for children under 2 years of age. For children of 2 years of age or older, they will be seated in their own seats.
                    </p>
                    
                    <h2 id="q2">Flying with animals</h2>
                    <br/>
                    <p class="lt">
                        Animals are restricted on our planes. Please, check with us before flying to see if you can bring your animal with you. For animals that you can bring onboard/in the cabin, you will need special equipment. We can provide that for you, given that you can bring that animal on our plane.
                    </p>
                    
                    <h2 id="q2">Disability</h2>
                    <br/>
                    <p class="lt">
                        If you need special equipment for your disability, please check with us before flying, to see what we can do for you. We will help you to make your flight with us as comfortable as possible.
                    </p>
                    
                    <h2 id="q2">Medicinal equipment.</h2>
                    <br/>
                    <p class="lt">
                        You can bring all your medicinal equipment onboard, provided that you declare them at least 48 hours before your flight.
                    </p>
                    
                </div>
                
            </ui:define>
            
        </ui:composition> 
    </h:body>
</html>